update guide for flagger on aliyun ASM (#1222)
fluxcd/flagger: docs/gitbook/install/flagger-install-on-alibaba-servicemesh.md

- Create an ASM([Alibaba ServiceMesh](https://servicemesh.console.aliyun.com)) enterprise instance and add ACK cluster.

### Variables declaration
- `$ACK_CONFIG`: the kubeconfig file path of ACK, which be treated as`$HOME/.kube/config` in the rest of guide.
- `$MESH_CONFIG`: the kubeconfig file path of ASM.

### Enable Data-plane KubeAPI access in ASM

In the Alibaba Cloud Service Mesh (ASM) console, on the basic information page, make sure Data-plane KubeAPI access is enabled. When enabled, the Istio resources of the control plane can be managed through the Kubeconfig of the data plane cluster.

## Enable Prometheus

In the Alibaba Cloud Service Mesh (ASM) console, click  Settings to enable the collection of Prometheus monitoring metrics. You can use the self-built Prometheus monitoring, or you can use the Alibaba Cloud ARMS Prometheus monitoring plug-in that has joined the ACK cluster, and use ARMS Prometheus to collect monitoring indicators.

## Install Flagger

Add Flagger Helm repository:

```bash
helm repo add flagger https://flagger.app
```

Install Flagger's Canary CRD:

```bash

> kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fluxcd/flagger/v1.21.0/artifacts/flagger/crd.yaml

Reviewer: The latest release of Flagger is now `v1.22.0`. Maybe it'd be good to have some kind of

```cli
VERSION=$(curl -s "https://api.github.com/repos/fluxcd/flagger/releases" | jq -r '.[] | .tag_name' | sort -V | tail -n 1)
```

logic here?

## Prerequisites
- Created an ACK([Alibabacloud Container Service for Kubernetes](https://cs.console.aliyun.com)) cluster instance.

> - Created an ASM([Alibaba ServiceMesh](https://servicemesh.console.aliyun.com)) enterprise instance, and added ACK cluster, and enabled Data-plane KubeAPI access.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Create an ASM([Alibaba ServiceMesh](https://servicemesh.console.aliyun.com)) enterprise instance and add ACK cluster.
```
could you also change the first step to be "Create an ACK..."?

### Variables declaration
- `$ACK_CONFIG`: the kubeconfig file path of ACK, which be treated as`$HOME/.kube/config` in the rest of guide.
- `$MESH_CONFIG`: the kubeconfig file path of ASM.

### Enable Data-plane KubeAPI access in ASM

In the Alibaba Cloud Service Mesh (ASM) console, on the basic information page, make sure Data-plane KubeAPI access is enabled. When enabled, the Istio resources of the control plane can be managed through the Kubeconfig of the data plane cluster.

## Enable Prometheus

In the Alibaba Cloud Service Mesh (ASM) console, click  Settings to enable the collection of Prometheus monitoring metrics. You can use the self-built Prometheus monitoring, or you can use the Alibaba Cloud ARMS Prometheus monitoring plug-in that has joined the ACK cluster, and use ARMS Prometheus to collect monitoring indicators.

## Install Flagger

Add Flagger Helm repository:

> 

Reviewer 2: Chop extra blank line.

```bash
helm repo add flagger https://flagger.app
```

Install Flagger's Canary CRD:

```bash

> kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fluxcd/flagger/main/artifacts/flagger/crd.yaml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fluxcd/flagger/v1.21.0/artifacts/flagger/crd.yaml
```
